(clacking)
This, this is called a clapper board
and I'm sure you've seen them before.
They're used when you're making films, okay and,
so why am I holding onto this, right?
Well, one of the primary uses of a clapper board is to make
sure that the audio is synchronized with the video because
audio and video is sometimes recorded separately, right.
And you'll see it sometimes you'll be wearing a mic,
a lavaliere mic they call it, or a hidden mic,
when you're acting and somebody else will be holding this
this long pole right over you which has another microphone,
right, and they're doing that to record background noise,
right, if they're gonna make it surround sound
or 5.1 or 7.1 or whatever it's called these days, right.
And what happens is when ya clap it, right,
I'll try and hold it like this so the light doesn't reflect,
there right there, yeah, oh, light's in your eye, sorry.
When you hold it like this,
then the post production film editors can make sure that the
audio and the video are synchronized.
I think I broke part of it.
Oh, the screws fell out, all right.
Let me put that down.
All right, you get what you pay for, right.
I got it cheap on Amazon.
All right, so people don't realize how important the
correct audio is for a speech.
You need to change your tone every now and then
from somewhat loud to softer based on what the content is.
Okay?
And the next time you watch your favorite television show
the second before you see the next scene the music changes,
right?
Look for it, you'll see.
They do that, right, just for a split second the music
changes and then the scene changes.
And this challenges or actually changes the tone
or the mood for the next video part of the scene.
It's the opposite of thunder or lightning coming before
thunder, yeah, it's the opposite, anyway it's the opposite.
It's a subconscious thing to get you ready for the next
scene, okay, just watch for it.
And it's important to change your tone every now
and then so you don't sound too monotone,
but you don't wanna overdo it,
you sound too arrogant, right.
So, you practice your delivery, record yourself
and make sure that you alter your tone every now
and then, okay?
And here's two examples from my talks,
or my presentations for what it's worth.
And I make a lot of mistakes, right,
but here are two examples that I think worked out
well, whatever, when I change my tone a little bit in
order to express important points.
The first one is from one of my TED talks.
Decade ED-Tech Secular Growth Opportunity.
Now, I've talked a bunch about the teacher,
I wanna talk about the student now.
What a great time to be a student.
See how I stressed that?
What a great time to be a student,
or I think I said, "What great time to be a student," right?
And you know what, it's interesting I love movies,
like we all do, right?
And I got the idea to alter my tone in that line you
just saw, right, from the movie Gladiator, right,
and I encourage you all to please watch how actors
change their tone when they present in movies.
And again I got it from the,
I got the idea from Gladiator from an actor named
Oliver Reed and sadly Oliver Reed never saw the movie
as he passed away before it was released,
before Gladiator came out.
And so what they had to do is they had to use CGI
in order to show him in some scenes, but anyway,
please watch this video clip which is brilliantly called
Win The Crowd, right,
that's what they called the clip, right.
Watch how Oliver Reed changes his tone through his epic
delivery here in the Gladiator film when he talks to
Russell Crowe about the Colosseum
and again that's where I got the idea for my line
in my TEDx talk.
Check it out.
Okay, the second example is from one of my YouTube videos
on how to write a professional journalist, right.
And check it out, here it is.
From your heart even sleep on it.
Then read it the next morning.
If you still get, you know, the feeling that you wrote it
from the heart and you still get chills and it's so good,
then post it, okay.
And the reason I say that is...
And so I said, "It's so good."
Right, you heard that?
And again I got the idea of changing my tone from the
Gladiator scene that I just you to watch a second ago
and so when you watch movies please learn from how
these actors present as it can make your speech much
more powerful than your competition speeches, okay.
And just watch how your favorite actors
and actresses change their tones as they're incredibly
engaging when they do that which makes sure that the
audience stays very much engaged as well.